(guitar,good),1,"I bought this to use with my keyboard. I wasn't really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals. It doesn't work as smoothly as the pedals do on an acoustic piano, which is what I'd always used. Doesn't have the same feel either. Nowhere close.In my opinion, a sustain pedal like the M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action or other similar pedal is a much better choice. The price difference is only a few dollars and the feel and action are so much better. The only thing I've found the Yamaha FC-5 Sustain Pedal is good for is taking up space in a drawer where I keep my electric guitar pedals.. Definitely Not For The Seasoned Piano Player"
(guitar,great),1,"Monster makes the best cables and a lifetime warranty doesnt hurt either. This isnt their top of the line series but it works great with my bass guitar rig and has for some time. You cant go wrong with Monster Cables.. Best Instrument Cables On The Market"
(guitar,little),1,"I now use this cable to run from the output of my pedal chain to the input of my Fender Amp. After I bought Monster Cable to hook up my pedal board I thought I would try another one and update my guitar. I had been using a high end Planet Waves cable that I bought in the 1980's... Once I found out the input jacks on the new Monster cable didn't fit into the Fender Strat jack I was a little disappointed... I didn't return it and as stated I use it for the output on the pedal board. Save your money... I went back to my Planet Waves Cable...I payed $30.00 back in the eighties for the Planet Waves which now comes in at around $50.00. What I'm getting at is you get what you pay for. I thought Waves was a lot of money back in the day...but I haven't bought a guitar cable since this one...20 plus years and still working...Planet Waves wins.. Didn't fit my 1996 Fender Strat..."
(pedal,great),1,"These are great cables. The only con I could give is if they go bad...no opening up the ends to fix them, but in my experience they are durable. Most people are using these on a pedal board so there's not a lot of movement to wear them down.. Good cables"
(amp,great),1,"This amp plug is great for the price its 10 ft long the perfect size for jammin at home and it has a quality look to it aesthetically totally worth the price. pperfect amp chord.for home use"
(strings,good),1,"Got what I needed - a basic capo for a good price.  The tension is a little tighter than I'd like, but works for me.  Covers all strings, and depresses them fully.  I don't use it often, so I can't speak to its longevity, but good for me!. Basic capo"
(guitar,acoustic),1,"I bought this to use with my keyboard. I wasn't really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals. It doesn't work as smoothly as the pedals do on an acoustic piano, which is what I'd always used. Doesn't have the same feel either. Nowhere close.In my opinion, a sustain pedal like the M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action or other similar pedal is a much better choice. The price difference is only a few dollars and the feel and action are so much better. The only thing I've found the Yamaha FC-5 Sustain Pedal is good for is taking up space in a drawer where I keep my electric guitar pedals.. Definitely Not For The Seasoned Piano Player"
(pedal,good),1,"I bought this to use with my keyboard. I wasn't really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals. It doesn't work as smoothly as the pedals do on an acoustic piano, which is what I'd always used. Doesn't have the same feel either. Nowhere close.In my opinion, a sustain pedal like the M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action or other similar pedal is a much better choice. The price difference is only a few dollars and the feel and action are so much better. The only thing I've found the Yamaha FC-5 Sustain Pedal is good for is taking up space in a drawer where I keep my electric guitar pedals.. Definitely Not For The Seasoned Piano Player"
(sound,good),1,"I bought this because I wanted a cheap replacement cable for one that had a short. I'm pleasantly surprised with this cable. It's decent sound and decent build quality, for a good price.. Nice guitar cable, even better price"
(price,good),1,"I have used monster cables for years, and with good reason. The lifetime warranty is worth the price alone. Simple fact: cables break, but getting to replace them at no cost is where it's at.. Monster Standard 100 - 21' Instrument Cable"
(strings,great),1,"It is exactly what you need in a capo! You can cover all six strings, move one string over to get a drop d tuning or turn the capo upside down to get a partial capo (though a bit of adjusting may be needed to get the strings held down.).All in all, a great capo that is well made and will last forever.Kyser is an awesome small Christian company and I really like their products and supporting them with my purchases. :]. Great"
(amp,good),1,"I bought this product to use on my amp pots. It restored the sound,power and clearity of my amps.It doesn't evaporate right away, but after a couple of minutes your good to go!. Works well!"
(guitar,nice),1,"I have been playing guitar for over 30 years. I've owned and played a variety of guitars in my lifetime. My wife bought this guitar for me as a gift. I cannot begin to tell you how much I love this guitar. It is a solid, well built guitar. The finish is beautiful. The pictures do it no justice. It sounds incredible. It has great tone and sustain, wonderful harmonics. The clean tones are nice and warm. The neck is fast. No fret noise or hums. The pickups are really nice. Its very versatile and you can play just about anything with it. From blues to hard rock & metal. I would perform live with this guitar in a heartbeat. You cannot find a better guitar for this price. I would have expected it to cost much more. I am extremely impressed with this great guitar. You can bet, when I add the next guitar to my collection, it will be another epiphone. Well done Epiphone!!. Fantastic guitar"
(sound,great),1,"This cable disproves the notion that you get what you pay for. It's quality outweighs its price. Let's face it, a cable is a cable is a cable. But the quality of these cables can vary greatly. I replaced a lighter cable with this one and I was surprised at the difference in the quality of the sound from my amp. I have an Ibanez ART series guitar into an Ibanez 15 watt amp set up in my home. With nothing changed but the cable, there was a significant difference in quality and volume. So much so that I checked with my guitar teacher who said he was not surprised. The quality appears good. The ends are heavy duty and the little bit of hum I had due to the proximity of everything was attenuated to the point where it was inconsequential. I've seen more expensive cables and this one is (so far) great.Hosa GTR210 Guitar Cable 10 Ft. Good quality, great price"
(price,great),1,"This amp plug is great for the price its 10 ft long the perfect size for jammin at home and it has a quality look to it aesthetically totally worth the price. pperfect amp chord.for home use"
(tone,great),1,"These are great patch cables especially for the price. They don't suck any tone they are reliable(I've had mine for 2 years)and are really great for players on a budget.. Good Budget Cable"
(amp,little),1,"This cable disproves the notion that you get what you pay for. It's quality outweighs its price. Let's face it, a cable is a cable is a cable. But the quality of these cables can vary greatly. I replaced a lighter cable with this one and I was surprised at the difference in the quality of the sound from my amp. I have an Ibanez ART series guitar into an Ibanez 15 watt amp set up in my home. With nothing changed but the cable, there was a significant difference in quality and volume. So much so that I checked with my guitar teacher who said he was not surprised. The quality appears good. The ends are heavy duty and the little bit of hum I had due to the proximity of everything was attenuated to the point where it was inconsequential. I've seen more expensive cables and this one is (so far) great.Hosa GTR210 Guitar Cable 10 Ft. Good quality, great price"
(quality,good),1,"Use it every week at gigs.  Solid, no problems with the solder joints.  A good quality cable at a very good price.. Good cable"
(tone,good),1,"I typically use planet waves cables but tried these and there just as great. Never an issue. No loss of tone. Never breaks or fails. Quality product for a good price.. Reliable and Great"
(pedal,little),1,"I now use this cable to run from the output of my pedal chain to the input of my Fender Amp. After I bought Monster Cable to hook up my pedal board I thought I would try another one and update my guitar. I had been using a high end Planet Waves cable that I bought in the 1980's... Once I found out the input jacks on the new Monster cable didn't fit into the Fender Strat jack I was a little disappointed... I didn't return it and as stated I use it for the output on the pedal board. Save your money... I went back to my Planet Waves Cable...I payed $30.00 back in the eighties for the Planet Waves which now comes in at around $50.00. What I'm getting at is you get what you pay for. I thought Waves was a lot of money back in the day...but I haven't bought a guitar cable since this one...20 plus years and still working...Planet Waves wins.. Didn't fit my 1996 Fender Strat..."
(guitar,easy),1,"The title says it all.  I got it for $16 (free shipping with Amazon Prime), which is cheaper than my local music store.  I keep it on the head of the guitar, and it is easy to add, move, remove.  With the trigger-type release, it makes it one of the easiest quick-change capos I've used.  It feels sturdy enough (lightweight aluminum).  And best of all... it works!. It's cheap, easy, sturdy, and works"
(guitar,new),1,"I now use this cable to run from the output of my pedal chain to the input of my Fender Amp. After I bought Monster Cable to hook up my pedal board I thought I would try another one and update my guitar. I had been using a high end Planet Waves cable that I bought in the 1980's... Once I found out the input jacks on the new Monster cable didn't fit into the Fender Strat jack I was a little disappointed... I didn't return it and as stated I use it for the output on the pedal board. Save your money... I went back to my Planet Waves Cable...I payed $30.00 back in the eighties for the Planet Waves which now comes in at around $50.00. What I'm getting at is you get what you pay for. I thought Waves was a lot of money back in the day...but I haven't bought a guitar cable since this one...20 plus years and still working...Planet Waves wins.. Didn't fit my 1996 Fender Strat..."
(strings,acoustic),1,"I have an electro acoustic Martin (second hand but without a scratch). I got it with .13 strings and well, is simply too much. Is good to play rithyms but can't do pretty much nothing else.I have installed a set (I got 8) and it sounds really good. Not as solid as the .13 but now i have more range to do solos and go up and down much easier.Recomended. Sounds Perfect"
(guitar,electric),1,"I bought this to use with my keyboard. I wasn't really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals. It doesn't work as smoothly as the pedals do on an acoustic piano, which is what I'd always used. Doesn't have the same feel either. Nowhere close.In my opinion, a sustain pedal like the M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action or other similar pedal is a much better choice. The price difference is only a few dollars and the feel and action are so much better. The only thing I've found the Yamaha FC-5 Sustain Pedal is good for is taking up space in a drawer where I keep my electric guitar pedals.. Definitely Not For The Seasoned Piano Player"
(strings,little),1,"Got what I needed - a basic capo for a good price.  The tension is a little tighter than I'd like, but works for me.  Covers all strings, and depresses them fully.  I don't use it often, so I can't speak to its longevity, but good for me!. Basic capo"
(amp,clean),1,"I use this cord in my church to run from my pedalboard to my amp (which is in a soundproof box). The cord is reliable and clean sounding. I like it and have used HOSA products in the past with confidence. Excellent cord. Hopefully this review will be usefull to you.. great, affordable, cord"
(guitar,much),0,"I bought this to use with my keyboard. I wasn't really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals. It doesn't work as smoothly as the pedals do on an acoustic piano, which is what I'd always used. Doesn't have the same feel either. Nowhere close.In my opinion, a sustain pedal like the M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action or other similar pedal is a much better choice. The price difference is only a few dollars and the feel and action are so much better. The only thing I've found the Yamaha FC-5 Sustain Pedal is good for is taking up space in a drawer where I keep my electric guitar pedals.. Definitely Not For The Seasoned Piano Player"
(sound,little),1,"The primary job of this device is to block the breath that would otherwise produce a popping sound, while allowing your voice to pass through with no noticeable reduction of volume or high frequencies. The double cloth filter blocks the pops and lets the voice through with no coloration. The metal clamp mount attaches to the mike stand secure enough to keep it attached. The goose neck needs a little coaxing to stay where you put it.. It Does The Job Well"
(pedals,great),1,"This stuff works great and is well worth the price, I used it to clean the pots on several guitars and a bass amp along with various effect pedals, no more scratchiness, no more jarring volume spikes, all my knobs glide now better than the day they were new, I'll always keep a can of this around, nothing more to say, great stuff.. Just what I needed"
(guitar,few),1,"Monster makes a wide array of cables, including some that are very high end. I initially purchased a pair ofMonster Rock Instrument Cable - 21 Feet - Angled to Straight 1/4-Inch plugto use with my keyboards, but when it came time to purchase cables for my bass and guitar I thought I'd pinch a few pennies.  I am so glad I did.I compared this cable model to the more expensive models I previously purchased and, aside from looks, could not detect any difference in sound. I Swapped back and forth between my guitars and keyboards, ensuring that each model was used on each instrument - still no difference.What the more expensive model has going for it is looks. I am not sure it (the higher priced model) is even more sturdy because the molded stress relief ends on this model seem to make it more reliable than its pricier sibling.Bottom line: carefully compare both cables using your own instrument and amp - if possible - before making a purchase decision. You may find, as I did, that higher price does not necessarily equal higher value, even from the same manufacturer.. One of the best instrument cables within the brand"
(guitar,same),0,"Monster makes a wide array of cables, including some that are very high end. I initially purchased a pair ofMonster Rock Instrument Cable - 21 Feet - Angled to Straight 1/4-Inch plugto use with my keyboards, but when it came time to purchase cables for my bass and guitar I thought I'd pinch a few pennies.  I am so glad I did.I compared this cable model to the more expensive models I previously purchased and, aside from looks, could not detect any difference in sound. I Swapped back and forth between my guitars and keyboards, ensuring that each model was used on each instrument - still no difference.What the more expensive model has going for it is looks. I am not sure it (the higher priced model) is even more sturdy because the molded stress relief ends on this model seem to make it more reliable than its pricier sibling.Bottom line: carefully compare both cables using your own instrument and amp - if possible - before making a purchase decision. You may find, as I did, that higher price does not necessarily equal higher value, even from the same manufacturer.. One of the best instrument cables within the brand"
(strings,new),1,"I am yet another one of those "Forever Beginners" when it comes to playing the guitar. Never mind that...these guitar strings made second hand guitar sound so much better! After putting in new pegs and re-stringing with these strings...it sounds so much nicer! More richer! Now I see I need to replace the saddle and bridge on it as the pegs keep coming loose. I think that once I do this and then re-string these same strings on it...I will be set to go!I like that these strings are light as due to not having had much practice for a number of years...let's face it...my fingers get sore when playing! I also have small fingers and hands.I intend to continue purchasing these same strings for future use.I recommend!. Love these guitar strings!"
(time,good),0,"Cheap and good texture rubber that does not get stiff.  Only time will tell how well the soldering is.  Sounds fine to me.. flexible, soft rubber is great."
(im,good),0,"Hosa products are a good bang for the buck. I haven't looked up the specifications, but I'm guessing the wire is 22 to 24 AWG, but since it's only 10' long, it's good enough.. Good Enough"
(stand,mic),0,"This was exactly what I was after. I have a voice touch and needed a small cord to connect the mic to the voice touch and this was perfect. Before I used a 20 foot cord to go about 12 inches. I highly recommend this for those who keep the mic on a stand and have a voice touch or other stand connected device for vocals.. Great little cord"
(guitar,small),1,"I play my I-pod through a small guitar Amp.  Great way to wake up the kids.  Works perfectly for the purpose.  Keep in mind small end for I-Pod is stereo and large end that goes into amp in mono.  If needing a stereo jack at both ends get something else.. Use to Plug I-Pod into Guitar Amp"
(tone,little),0,"These little patch cables work nicely, there's no change to your tone or sound and they connect one pedal to another just fine..I'm only going to make one small complaint and explain why it got 4 stars instead of 5. The product description says 6 inches, right? If you jump over to these (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001PGXKC8/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i02?ie=UTF8&psc;=1) planet waves patch cables they're listed at .5 feet (same as 6 inches, right?) The Hosa cables seem more like maybe 4 inches, whereas the planet waves cables gave me plenty of room from one pedal to another. I only used the Hosa cable as an emergency back up.To conclude, would I recommend these? Yes, if you have one or two pedals and need an affordable small and effective patch cable, go for these. But my first recommendation will always be planet waves cables over anything else.. Does the job"
(price,little),0,"For the price, fantastic.They do feel light and I don't trust the build quality at the key stress points (where cable meets connector), but then again I am not going to push it.Set your guitar down on it by accident when it's plugged in and...who knows.But for seven bucks it gets the job done. Recommended if you are doing the "beginner" thing and testing the waters.Otherwise, spend a few more bucks for something with higher chances of lasting.. Feel a little flimsy and can see easily breaking, but the work"
(pedal,nice),1,"This is a distortion pedal. It will give your amp a boost for solos and turn a clean amp into a dirty girl. It's pretty harsh in tone - kind of a white noise distortion. The DS-1 DOES NOT warm up the tone in your amp. You can dial the tone in, but it's a pretty harsh sounding.That said - the DS-1 does exactly what I wanted it to. My amp gives me a nice warm crunch, classic rock style. The DS-1 gives me the 80's metal and punk rock sound I wanted, and it does so flawlessly.It took me about 5 minutes of tinkering to get a nice transition from my amp to a matching tone on the DS-1. It's BOSS, so it will last forever.Th only drawback is that it's an item that is currently cheaper elsewhere. Usually Amazon catches up with that sort of thing, but word to the wise, don't pay more than $40 new for this thing.. The go to distortion pedal"
(quality,great),1,"This Fender cable is the perfect length for me! Sometimes I find it a bit too long but I don't mind. The build quality is great and I know that it will last. The only gripe I have with this cable is that the metal sleeve gets unscrewed way too easily, requiring me to tighten it often.Sound quality is not affected, and the color is cool, definitely try this cable out.. Durable Instrument Cable"
(guitar,first),0,"Bought this for my daughter along with her new guitar. It seems to work well, no issues in the first couple of weeks.. Cable works as described"
(guitar,different),1,"Hosa guitar cables work great. Never had any problems with them. I own several of different lengths and they all sound perfect.. Good cables"
(guitar,many),0,"The first rule of microphones is that, "No one microphone is perfect for every purpose."  Rule two is, "Experiment with different mics in different applications to find your signature sound."  I've used Shure SM58's along with their ancestors and relatives back to 1968.  I primarily used them for broadcasting and recording spoken word content but I have used (and still do use) them for singing some back up vocals.The SM58 does one thing well and that is vocal performance when used very close to the mouth for public address use.  Some people, me included, actually sound better and more comfortable in a live performance setting when using another mic, the Shure SM-57.  The SM-58 is a very good vocal mic and for some people probably the best choice.  For example, anyone who can not resist putting the mic right up against their lips while singing will probably want the SM-58.  People with softer or weaker voices will want the SM-58.The SM-58 is highly directional and has a noticeable yet manageable proximity effect (which means the bass increases the closer you get.)  This mic does not pick up well from much over 8 inches away.  The reason so many singers think you are supposed to shove microphones practically inside your mouth is because the ball type Shure vocal mics require you to get them very close or they don't sound right.  On the other hand, the SM-57 sounds best several inches away from the user's mouth and works fine up to 12 inches away.  While the SM-58 is certainly the number one professional PA vocal mic, there are precious few other uses for it because it has a colored sound with a prominent frequency response boost in the upper midrange plus a sound source has to be very close before it is picked up clearly.  It works ok for conga drums and the like, but the SM-58 is about the last thing you'd want to use to mic a sax or guitar.  Personally these mics are not the best for my mic technique or the basic nature my voice, but for some people they sound great.  The live vocal mic that works best for me is the Shure SM-57 with a windscreen.  However for other people the SM-58 works better.  It depends on your voice and what you want the mic to do.  If you have a very deep voice, the SM-58 might be the second best choice after the SM-57 which has a better low frequency response.One certain advantage of the SM-58 is the excellent gain before feedback capability.  This mic can be turned up louder than almost any other mic without that annoying PA squeal.  Another advantage of the SM-58 is that it is still available (at a slight extra cost) with a built-in on/off switch.  The SM-58's ball shaped grills are very sturdy and even if you should dent one you can get a replacement which screws right on for about ten dollars.  I've seen SM-58's dented, rusty, dusty, smoked up, spit into, with pieces missing and slammed into a hardwood stage with the full weight of a boom stand adding mass to the fall and yet I've never seen but one stop working and that malfunction was due to an on/off switch that got dirt in it.All the pro-line Shure mics are top quality.  The pro line Shures also hold their value well.  If you buy one and decide you don't like it, you can get about what you paid for it on eBay.  I would compare as many mics as possible before buying one.  Senneheiser's EVOLUTION mics sound really good too and are worth a look. The SM-58 will be the number one on-stage vocal mic for the foreseeable future because most people follow the crowd instead of actually trying out different mics and picking the one that works best for their particular voice.  These things are so durable that even if they stopped making them today they'd still be around for another 20 years at least.. Good for vocals only!"
(pedal,clean),1,"Works just fine, great for little spaces between one pedal to another, if there's more distance, better use another type, bue generally works fine and it's a good quality product, clean signal no problems. Works just fine"
(amp,small),1,"I play my I-pod through a small guitar Amp.  Great way to wake up the kids.  Works perfectly for the purpose.  Keep in mind small end for I-Pod is stereo and large end that goes into amp in mono.  If needing a stereo jack at both ends get something else.. Use to Plug I-Pod into Guitar Amp"
(cable,good),1,"This is a cool looking cheap cable which works well. I bent one of the connectors pretty badly but that was my fault. One thing to consider with the cable is to tighten the connectors once in awhile. You'll be able to hear them rattle. It seems that the 'retro' look is screw on connectors over some black rubber, but other than that, the cable looks cool and works well.I also have the shorter red cable which goes with one of my guitars perfectly. I bought theses to use while practicing with others who use black cables. It's easier to plug into different amps without cutting someone out by accident. The green cable is good for that.. Cheap and cool looking, good length"
(strings,much),0,"Easy to use capo. Good strength - holds the strings down well.. Not sure that it's as good as the G7th capo, which I still find is the best for holding the strings down evenly so that they stay in tune, but the Kyser is much cheaper and does a good job.. Kyser capo"
(strings,nice),1,"It's a capo... nice fit... yet, sometimes I wonder if it fits too tightly, as when I use it, and of course the strings are tighter, sometimes I feel that playing with this particular capo makes my strings too tight...yet, it is a capo, structured very well.. NICE!!!!!!!!"
(guitar,high),1,"I now use this cable to run from the output of my pedal chain to the input of my Fender Amp. After I bought Monster Cable to hook up my pedal board I thought I would try another one and update my guitar. I had been using a high end Planet Waves cable that I bought in the 1980's... Once I found out the input jacks on the new Monster cable didn't fit into the Fender Strat jack I was a little disappointed... I didn't return it and as stated I use it for the output on the pedal board. Save your money... I went back to my Planet Waves Cable...I payed $30.00 back in the eighties for the Planet Waves which now comes in at around $50.00. What I'm getting at is you get what you pay for. I thought Waves was a lot of money back in the day...but I haven't bought a guitar cable since this one...20 plus years and still working...Planet Waves wins.. Didn't fit my 1996 Fender Strat..."
(pedal,high),1,"I now use this cable to run from the output of my pedal chain to the input of my Fender Amp. After I bought Monster Cable to hook up my pedal board I thought I would try another one and update my guitar. I had been using a high end Planet Waves cable that I bought in the 1980's... Once I found out the input jacks on the new Monster cable didn't fit into the Fender Strat jack I was a little disappointed... I didn't return it and as stated I use it for the output on the pedal board. Save your money... I went back to my Planet Waves Cable...I payed $30.00 back in the eighties for the Planet Waves which now comes in at around $50.00. What I'm getting at is you get what you pay for. I thought Waves was a lot of money back in the day...but I haven't bought a guitar cable since this one...20 plus years and still working...Planet Waves wins.. Didn't fit my 1996 Fender Strat..."
